{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green45\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green100\blue126;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23137\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c46667\c56863;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Elisabeth Robson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh25200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Going further\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Why Stop Now? How about...\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Extending your project?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 We've really just scratched the surface of this project. You can take it a lot further. For instance, think about how you might go further with the audio. You could:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create an algorithm that only plays the notes some of the time. Perhaps each sound has a probability of playing each time it is scheduled to play.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Change how sounds die over time. This would lead to the composition decaying or being forgotten over time. How would you code this?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Change how sounds are played. We're picking the sample that plays on a given click by mod'ing the x value of the mouse click by the number of sounds. That's pretty simplistic. What other ways can you think of doing this?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create your own sound samples and see how this affects the feel of the app.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Doing more research?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Research the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Web Audio API}}. Think about using an oscillator instead of samples or adding audio events (reverb, delay, etc.).\cb1 \
\cb3 Or, check out\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 HTML's canvas element}}\'a0and see how far you can push the graphics.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Or, blow our minds and yours...\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 How about revisiting The Game of Life, and combining code? Can the Game of Life generate sound too, perhaps by assigning sounds to grid locations? You might also check out apps and devices like the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenori-on"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Tenori-on}}\'a0for inspiration.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Check out Bloom: Open Space
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Bloom: Open Space is an art installation by Eno and Chilvers, based on their app, Bloom. See the video preview of Bloom: Open Space\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5xf9J9oyRE"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 here}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 In any case, stay in touch and let us know what cool things you've written!\cb1 \
}