{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green45\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green100\blue126;
\red245\green246\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23137\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c46667\c56863;
\cssrgb\c96863\c97255\c98039;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Elisabeth Robson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh25200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prerequisites and tools\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Before we get started, let's talk about what you need to know to take on this project. This is a browser-based project involving HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Our use of HTML and CSS is quite minimal, although you'll need to know about basic HTML elements and how to use classes and ids from JavaScript. We'll be using the HTML <canvas> element for the graphics in this project, and while you don't need to know this element well, you might want to read through Chapter 7 of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wickedlysmart.com/head-first-html5/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Head First HTML5 Programming}}\'a0(or a similar reference) to get familiar with it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Of course, you'll need to understand the fundamentals of JavaScript programming; we'll be using functions, loops, arrays, and handling events using JavaScript code. If you've read an introductory JavaScript book, you'll be prepared; of course, we're partial to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://members.wickedlysmart.com/hfjs/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Head First JavaScript Programming}}, and if you've read that book, you'll be in great shape to take on The Generative Music Box project.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Tools\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 So what tools do you need to complete this project? Simple: one or more\'a0
\f1\b modern browsers
\f0\b0 \'a0(the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge will do just fine) and any\'a0
\f1\b editor
\f0\b0 . On this latter point we're agnostic: if you love IntelliJ, good for you. If a stripped down text editor or vi is your thing? More power to you. Just make sure whatever editor you use is either designed specifically for HTML, CSS and JavaScript programming, or is in "plain text" mode (that means, don't use Microsoft Word!).\cb1 \
\cb3 You're also going to need a web server of some form, and this is something we'll get to later in the project, nothing to worry about right now.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 What about source code?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 You can download all the completed code for this project from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/bethrobson/musicbox"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 github}}. However, resist the urge. By writing the code yourself as you progress through the project, the concepts will sink in more deeply and you'll build better mental muscle memory. We'll be including the code for each step of the project with each coding lesson. We'll also be prompting you to try to figure some of it out on your own, which will help the concepts sink in even further. If you get stuck, first try the project Facebook group, then as a last resort fall back on the source code.\cb1 \
\cb3 With that out of the way, let's get warmed up with a little exercise in the next lesson.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Resources for this lecture\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs40 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Download code, sound files from GitHub}}\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}